Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
I expect it to bring up a lot of things I don't know anything about
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
It said the term yellow is not recognized.
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
I thought that the program would recognize Yellow as an answer to the question. 

Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
IT has another line titled print color, which I think will lead to the program understanding the color this time
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
I thought it would end up with the color being taken in by the program and a response would come out but it did not.
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
No, it is still not really recognizing yellow as a color and I'm not sure if the answer the program is looking for is right or if I
am supposed to be using the open color chart thing and use the numbers from on there...

Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It looks like it will give a response if you respond with a certain answer.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
There are reactions to certain inputs in the program.
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
I think that it is because they are giving the program soemthing to do, since its a direct result of saying red, it goes underneath the command.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
It says that the answer is incorrect
What does this tell you about "color"?
It's looking for a really really specific answer, which makes it very annoying.


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It adds that Red can also be spelled without capitalization and it will still be correct. 
What problem is this trying to solve? 
The problem of saying an answer is wrong just because it wasn;t capitalized. 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It says that the answer is incorrect.


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
I expect that it solves the capitalization issue and lets any variation of the word work
What problem is it trying to solve? 
I think it;s trying to become more acceptable to common errors like capitalization problems.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It counts the answer as incorrect.


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
It addds .strip()
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
I assume its going to help the issue with the spaces.
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
If you break the word up by spaces like R e D it will not accept it as a real answer.


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
It looks like its adding more options than just correct and wrong.
What is the purpose of line 11? 
it sets color equal to the strip and lowercase settings so that any variation of spelling the colors and spacing will work.
Run the program and answer the question.
Done


Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
I think maybe it changes the color of the font in the program?
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
They are indented because without the first line there would be nothing for them to edit and have any kind of contact with. They stem from a direct relationship with the unindented lines
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
I dont really understand this. Is it so that you keep playing until you get the right answer? Does it put the game on a loop until you get it right?
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.
It almost crashed my computer by saying so many "Close!"s


Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
In line 12 it has the part that loops the game to where if you get an incorrect input it lets you try again.
What is the purpose of “count”? 
It tells you how many times it took to guess the correct answer.
What is happening on line 22? 
It tells you how many tries it took to guess the correct answer.
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
Yes